---
layout: post
title: "NXT UK Review - 23rd January 2020"
date: 2020-01-29
categories: articles
spotify_track_id:
youtube_video_id:
apple_track_id:
author: ricky-j
---
NXT UK Aiden English is on commentary to replace Nigel meguinness. 

Johnny Saint and Sid Scala in the ring. Out come Imperium Johnny and Sid present Walter with the new NXT UK title belt. Walter cuts a promo. 

First match of the night. 

JORDAN DEVLIN Vs. LIGERO. 

Good match. Plenty of back and fourth action. Ligero really needed the win here but it didn't happen. I believe Devlin has been on a roll on NXT UK for a while. Devlin with the devlin-side for the win. 

WINNER OF THE MATCH: JORDAN DEVLIN. 

Next match up. 

ILJA DRAGUNOV Vs. JOSH MORRELL 

This was mostly a squash match. I was impressed with Josh here. I have actually met Josh under the name Josh Turbo at a local show in Blackburn. Ok match here. Ilja hitting his finisher for the win.

WINNER OF THE MATCH: ILJA DRAGUNOV 

After the match Ilja took the microphone and spoke. Joe Coffey came out and spoke. 

Main event now. 

TRAVIS BANKS Vs. THE BRIAN KENDRICK. 

Great to see Brian Kendrick on NXT UK. This was a good match. They fought to the outside. Kendrick got a good pop from the crowd. I'm not too sure when I last saw Kendrick wrestle last on WWE tv. Good main event and the right person one. Banks with a much needed win. 

WINNER OF THE MATCH: TRAVIS BANKS 

DON'T FORGET TO GO AND CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL THE PEOPLE'S WWE CHANNEL IF YOU SMELL WHAT RICK THE ROCK IS COOKIN!